{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
{\info
{\title Main Information}
{\subject Scripts Pack}
{\doccomm Some information included with the Scripts Pack including FAQs and some main things the user may need to know.}
{\author Jetties (J.J.T)}
{\*\copyright \'a9 2012 - Jetties}
{\keywords scripts, information, jetties, info}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12880\viewh12760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs50 \cf0 Scripts Pack\

\fs28 Main Information
\f1\b\fs24 \ul \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulc0 Scripts Info
\b0 \ulnone \
AppleScripts for Mac OS X. These provide a great and cheap alternative to get the most out of your computer with Mac OS X. Some scripts may not work properly and some aren't tested to be 100% sure that their function will work. I don't know if these will work on older operating systems, but sure if you have an older one, run them at your own risk!\
\
These 'Scripts' is a third-party utility/tool and is 
\i\b \ul NOT
\i0\b0 \ulnone  endorsed by Apple Inc by any means.\
The Automator and AppleScript Editor is Copyrighted by Apple Inc and is not made by me in any sort of way!\
Using the installer is optional.\
\

\b \ul About these scripts
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Items in the 'Not checked' folder haven't been tested properly or is unknown if it is working with the latest Operating System. All these scripts only affect the 
\i \ul CURRENT
\i0 \ulnone  account if it is run on that account.\
\
This is made for a small and cheap alternative for using MacPilot, you can also use Secrets. But this was made for school computers you can physically access with user restrictions even when you're using it at home. You can also use these scripts if you don't want to use MacPilot or Secrets.\
 \

\b \ul Note to network mobile account users (such as a school managed computer on a network)
\b0 \ulnone \
\
If certain settings for your user account is managed by the manager of your school network, settings will not take effect until the school doesn't manage those certain settings. (e.g. if the Dashboard is restricted for your account by your network you may not be able to enable it while using the 'Disable Dashboard' script, it only takes certain settings which is managed by your network. Your account is forced to use the network's settings that restrict you from being able to run certain things or files.)\
\
If your network has blocked AppleScript on your user account, you may as well try to find a another alternative, this only depends on how your network administrator has set your \
Mobile user settings. If your account is restricted, it is always forced to use network settings even if your school network administrator removes those restrictions unless there's a way to bypass it and take off the network from the directory.\
\

\b \ul Recommended Requirements:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
- Access to a Macintosh computer with macOS (minimum macOS version has to be 10.4) (untested)\
- User account that has permission to run the AppleScript Editor, Applescript Runner and Automator\
\

\b \ul FAQ
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 "
\b Do I need a administrator password to get the scripts to work?"
\b0 \
For some of the scripts they may require to enter your administrator password if changing the real system files, that can be a dangerous action so watch what you're doing! For the other scripts, they only change the current user's settings so it won't have effect on all users. The script Installer does not require any silly 
\i administrator passwords
\i0  whatsoever to install.\
\
"
\b What about multiple language support?
\b0 "\
Sorry, the Scripts Pack is only available in English. I'd have to edit each script individually which would painfully take long just for a translation. I don't think there is a way to implement multiple languages in AppleScript. There would be a lot of repackaging to do anyway.\
\
"
\b I am restricted to the AppleScript or Automator components and is restricted to using preference panes and applications on a network.
\b0 "\
You're pretty much screwed and that's just a bummer. Because you won't get to try out these scripts and give me feedback. The manager of your computer probably doesn't want you to be messing around with scripts and stuff like that. Unless there's some alternative to un-restrict applications for you then. You should go complain to the manager of your network if you don't know why.\
\
"
\b The Installer didn't complete successfully. Help!!!
\b0 "\
If you attempted to install/uninstall it without editing the installer script then you should go refer to the 'Manual Removal' file in the Scripts Pack disk image. That should be the solution to your problem.\
\
"
\b What's the purpose for these scripts???
\b0 " you ask...\
Well you see here, the purpose here is well let's say you do not have access to any applications (or even the Terminal) or are limited to the preference panes you can access. Well, the Scripts Pack was made as a third option and as a last one, with a simple click of a script from the menubar restricted users can also unleash the power of the hidden features on their Macintosh computer too, this way they won't be left out.\'a0If you want to ditch these scripts and actually want something better, try out {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.koingosw.com/products/macpilot.php"}}{\fldrslt \ul MacPilot}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://secrets.blacktree.com/"}}{\fldrslt \ul Secrets}}, both are free but {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.koingosw.com/products/macpilot.php"}}{\fldrslt \ul MacPilot}} has a trial limit to it. You may wish to use them if you have access to applications or any preference pane just to make your life easier. I don't own them so different conditions may apply.\
\

\b What about updating the Scripts Pack?
\b0 \
Please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dl.dropbox.com/u/17660267/Scripts%20Pack/ScriptsPackLatestVersion.txt"}}{\fldrslt \ul here}} for the page about updates. You can bookmark that page for quick access to check whether there's a more recent version of the Scripts Pack. See that page for more information about updating the Scripts Pack.
\f2 \
}