{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 ZapfDingbatsITC;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green142\blue40;}
{\info
{\title Script Useage}
{\subject Scripts Pack}
{\doccomm An idea of what the Scripts Pack affects when using its scripts included.}
{\author Jetties (J.J.T)}
{\*\copyright \'a9 2012 - Jetties}
{\keywords information, files, modification, preferences, help}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs50 \cf0 Scripts Pack\

\fs28 What will be affected while using the Scripts Pack?\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 When using Scripts Pack, some scripts or certain scripts may have different behaviours\'85\
Here's an idea so you know what these scripts can access, I might have missed some information:\
\

\f2\fs30 \cf2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1\b \cf0  Modify contents of the current {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///"}}{\fldrslt Startup Disk}}
\b0\fs24 \
Scripts Pack may add preferences or delete preferences. It can also change system settings such as the AirPort power and get the status of the current network. You'll be asked to enter your password for changes that require root or administrator access in order for certain files to be modified. Scripts Pack will not modify anything without your permission, this mostly affects the startup disk you're using to run the Scripts Pack.\
\

\f2\fs30 \cf2 \uc0\u10004 
\f1\b \cf0  Modify Preferences
\b0\fs24 \
Scripts Pack can read your preferences and other preferences that your user account is allowed to access. For most of the scripts they can access  (~/Library/Preferences 
\b \ul OR 
\b0 \ulnone  /Users/\ul #CURRENTUSERNAME#\ulnone /Library/Preferences, /Library/Preferences (where \ul #CURRENTUSERNAME#\ulnone  represents the current user you're logged in now). This is used to detect the status of the current setting if you're using a script that changes settings. Scripts Pack has the ability to create custom preferences which is used in certain scripts. You can find out how to remove them in the Manual Removal document.\

\b\fs30 \

\b0\fs24 You can always review the code yourself at anytime.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 ** REMEMBER: 
\b0 Not all of the things may happen are listed here while using scripts from the Scripts Pack. You can review the source code of the scripts (if you know how to read the code properly) if you think something suspicious may happen or just to check if you've got a bad copy of the Scripts Pack. \
\
I am not responsible for any damages caused by these scripts.}